[MUSIC PLAYING]
ADDY OSMANI: Do
you use snippets?
MATT GAUNT: No, when
you say snippets,
I think of little
chunks of code I
get from a [? GIS ?]
or something like that.
ADDY OSMANI: Pretty close.
You don't use snippets
in, like, Sublime text?
MATT GAUNT: No, I'm looking at
Atom right now and I have them.
I don't know what they are.
ADDY OSMANI: I'm
deducting a point
from my Yelp review of you.
MATT GAUNT: How can
I have a Yelp score?
I'm not a place.
ADDY OSMANI: You have--
people can visit you.
You're totally a place.
MATT GAUNT: I feel like
there's going to be one review,
and it's just you.
It's going to be anonymous.
It's just like,
worst person ever.
ADDY OSMANI: These are
your words, not mine.
MATT GAUNT: What are snippets?
ADDY OSMANI: Snippets
are basically
reusable chunks of
code that you use
in your daily workflow, stuff
that you find yourself writing
out a lot that would
probably benefit
from automating a tiny bit.
MATT GAUNT: Yes, so
things like ES6 classes,
where you've got to have
the class keyword, name
of the thing, brackets, curly
brackets, whatever, and then
that's just boilerplate.
That's always going
to be the case.
So you could just
have a snippet,
add that in, and
then what you've got
to do is change the class name.
ADDY OSMANI: Yeah,
and it's kind of neat,
because you can create
your own snippets.
You can go and customize them.
There's whole
packages of snippets,
depending on the
libraries you are using.
MATT GAUNT: Oh, so you can just
import someone else's snippets.
ADDY OSMANI: So,
it's kind of neat.
There's a bunch
of snippets that I
find myself using pretty often.
The first set, are the
JavaScript and Node snippets
from Zeno Rocha.
And this is kind of
a really neat step
because it covers everything
from little expansions,
for adding that listeners
to your DOM nodes,
creating elements,
creating fragments.
If you're working
on prototypes, it'll
give you a nice little
expansion for that.
And it will also highlight
the relevant piece of code
that you're probably
going to want to change,
like the name of the object.
MATT GAUNT: The name of
the class, the prototype,
and the function.
Nice.
ADDY OSMANI: Which
is kind of useful
and also it does other things
like scaffolding out your IIFE,
or "iffies".
MATT GAUNT: "Iffies"?
ADDY OSMANI: "Iffies."
MATT GAUNT: What are "iffies"?
ADDY OSMANI: They
are Immediately
Invoked Functional Expressions.
MATT GAUNT: You're
raising more questions
than you're answering.
You're just saying words.
ADDY OSMANI: Just words?
There's a blog post by Ben
Alman you can go check out.
It covers all this stuff.
It has a great Yelp review.
That's all I'm saying.
MATT GAUNT: From you.
ADDY OSMANI: From me.
MATT GAUNT: What other
snippet packages do you have?
ADDY OSMANI: So, you've been
using ES6 a bunch lately,
right?
MATT GAUNT: Yeah.
ADDY OSMANI: What
do you like in ES6?
What are you using?
MATT GAUNT: It's mostly classes.
I've started getting into
[INAUDIBLE] functions,
and Promises I've been
using for a little while
just because the service
workers [INAUDIBLE].
Stuff like that.
Those are the main things.
ADDY OSMANI: OK, so there
is a really decent package
called ES6 Toolkit that includes
snippets for Promises, classes.
For classes it's really neat,
because it will give you--
again it will highlight,
it will scaffold out
the whole class
with a constructor,
and it will also highlight
the section of code
that you probably want to change
first, which is kind of nice.
It also does fat arrows,
generators, beatmaps, sets.
MATT GAUNT: So those
things are not played with.
It sounds like
this might actually
be a nice way of learning
about the new ES6 features.
ADDY OSMANI: Yeah think so.
I think they've
also got-- have you
used the object literal
shorthands in ES6?
So the basic idea
there is that you don't
have to type out as much code.
We would use the book
for functions and things.
It also supports that
and modules, too.
It's kind of neat.
There's ES6 Toolkit.
Another set that I find
myself using pretty often
is the Polymer and Web Component
snippet package by Rob Dodson.
That's useful
because it helps you
when you're writing
not just apps
but also your own elements.
So let's say you're creating
a demo page for your app.
It's got an expansion
that will write out
all of the boilerplate
code for your metatags.
It will include the web
component polyfills.
And then you can
just go and start
creating your own elements.
And when you're
doing that, there's
a few things you
always end up doing,
like writing HTML imports.
And Rob Dodson's written
this little shorthand HI.
That's like saying HI,
do me the entire line
that I require for
writing an import,
or write me out all of
the boilerplate code
I need for my element.
MATT GAUNT: And most of it
there is the one criticism
I have of Polymer.
I like the notions of being able
to pull in some component just
using my page.
It's all the stuff around it.
You have to add to
your [? bower, ?]
you have to add it to the
actual HTML of your page,
and you've got to add
in the HTML import.
And it's just like those steps
are a point where I'm like,
I just want this thing to exist,
can you just make magic happen?
So anything that simplifies
that, I think is really nice.
ADDY OSMANI: If only you had
a friend slash colleague that
wrote something, a
Polymer starter kit that
can potentially help you there.
MATT GAUNT: I see
what you've done.
ADDY OSMANI: For people
using other libraries,
and there's a ton of
other libraries out there,
there's things like
Frameworks, like Ember,
things like Angular,
Angular 2, and so on, React.
Yeah, there's actually a
really good set of packages
that you can check
out for those as well.
The React one is, I
think, pretty popular.
It works well with
Babel, so check them out.
MATT GAUNT: So the
next time there's
a new hot framework
on the side, there
will just be a brand new package
for snippets and then, boom!
ADDY OSMANI: Yes?
[MUSIC PLAYING]